Dev/auth request (#1066)
strapi/documentation: docs/developer-docs/latest/guides/auth-request.md

}
```

Save the `JWT` in your application or copy it to your clipboard. You will use it to make future requests. 

::: note
See the [login documentation](/developer-docs/latest/plugins/users-permissions.md#login) for more information.
:::

### Fetch articles

Fetch the Articles you created earlier by sending a **GET** request to the `/articles` route:

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sorry @ZPain8464 I was not clear enough here. I think with one more change we can merge this PR. Thanks again! Instead of the screenshot, I was thinking we could add a code block like our API documentation and use the tabs card like the above example. The code for the request is: 
`::: request Example request

`GET http://localhost:1337/api/restaurants`

:::`
```
If you want me to take care of this instead, just let me know. I would like to include this with our 7-September docs release.

}
```

Save the `JWT` in your application or copy it to your clipboard. You will use it to make future requests. 

> ::: NOTE

Reviewer: ```suggestion
::: note
```

See the [login documentation](/developer-docs/latest/plugins/users-permissions.md#login) for more information.
:::

### Fetch articles

Fetch the Articles you created earlier by sending a **GET** request to the `/articles` route:

> :::: tabs card

Reviewer: Are you planning to add the Postman tab here as well?

Author: A screenshot of the GET request in Postman would be best IMO. There is no **body**, so the user essentially just adds the URL to the field and clicks "Send".
![GET-request-unauth](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/60552605/185442754-b894f878-a729-4814-b4b9-aa504c230994.png)

> ::: axios

Reviewer: ```suggestion
::: tab axios
```

console.log(data);
```

In Postman: 

> ![GET request in Postman](../assets/guides/postman-get-request/GET-request-unauth.png)

Reviewer: Sorry @ZPain8464 I was not clear enough here. I think with one more change we can merge this PR. Thanks again! Instead of the screenshot, I was thinking we could add a code block like our API documentation and use the tabs card like the above example. The code for the request is: 
::: request Postman

`GET http://localhost:1337/api/restaurants`

:::

If you want me to take care of this instead, just let me know. I would like to include this with our 7-September docs release.

Author: Hey @StrapiShaun thanks for clarifying. I made the adjustment, please let me know if you need anything else!

    console.log(data);
```

:::

::: tab Postman

```json
{
  "data": {
    "title": "my article",
    "content": "my super article content"
    }
}
```

:::

::::

You will receive a `403 Forbidden` response because you made this request as a user with the role Reader.

> Only users with the role Author can create Articles. Sign in as an Author user to receive your JWT. Then, send the **POST** request to the `/articles` endpoint by including the JWT in the `Authorization` header. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Only users with the role Author can create Articles. Sign in with the Author user credentials to receive your JWT. Then, send the **POST** request to the `/articles` endpoint by including the JWT in the `Authorization` header. 
```
